Building images:

The 5 Usual Suspects:-

 1️⃣️ - FROM
Usage: FROM image:tag

Description: Specifies the base image to use for the subsequent instructions in the Dockerfile. 
			It defines the starting point for the new image you're creating. 
			Images can be official ones from Docker Hub or custom ones you've created

e.g: FROM ubuntu:20.04

 2️⃣️- ENV
Usage: ENV key value

Description: Sets environment variables in the image. 
			These variables are accessible during the image build process and also when a container is 
			run from the built image. It's useful for configuration purposes.

e.g: ENV MYSQL_USER=admin
	 ENV MYSQL_PASSWORD=secretpassword
		
 3️⃣️- RUN
Usage: RUN command

Description: Executes a command in the shell within the new image. 
			The command can be any valid shell command, and it's executed during the image build. 
			It's commonly used for installing packages, updating repositories, or setting up configurations.

e.g: RUN apt-get update && apt-get install -y nginx
	
 4️⃣️- EXPOSE
Usage: EXPOSE port

Description: Informs Docker that the container will listen on the specified network ports at runtime. 
			It does not actually publish the port; it's more of a documentation feature. 
			It's commonly used when you need to map ports from the container to the host at runtime using the -p flag.

e.g: EXPOSE 80

 5️⃣️- CMD
Usage: CMD ["executable","param1","param2"] (exec form) or CMD command param1 param2 (shell form)

Description: Specifies the default command and/or parameters to run when a container is launched from the built image. 
			If a Docker container is run without specifying a command, this command will be executed. 
			There can be only one CMD instruction in a Dockerfile. If you have multiple CMD instructions, 
			only the last one will take effect.
			
e.g: CMD nginx -g "daemon off;" 
	OR 
	CMD ["nginx", "-g", "daemon off;"]

								⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ OTHERS: ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️

 6️⃣️- WORKDIR
usage: WORKDIR path
desc: selects the path to be the working directory. All following instructions will be executed in 
	this directory context.
								
 7️⃣️- COPY
usage: COPY [host source] [container destination]
desc: it copies the item in host source to container destination
		e.g copy . .  --> copys every item host current directory to container's 
						current/working directory(which is selected through WORKDIR command).
		
	
